samples: matter: Changed window covering to be SED by default (#28678)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/window_covering/README.rst

The window covering sample implements the following features:

* :ref:`SSED device type <matter_window_covering_sample_ssed>` - The window cover can operate as a Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED).

.. _matter_window_covering_sample_ssed:

.. include:: /includes/matter/overview/ssed.txt

The Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED) support can be enabled by adding an extra argument to the build command.

> For details on how to enable this feature, see the :ref:`Thread SSED support <matter_window_covering_sample_ssed_support>` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED) support by adding an extra argument to the build command.
For details, see the :ref:`Thread SSED support <matter_window_covering_sample_ssed_support>` section.
```

.. include:: /includes/matter/configuration/advanced/custom_board.txt
.. include:: /includes/matter/configuration/advanced/internal_memory.txt

.. _matter_window_covering_sample_ssed_support:

Thread SSED support
-------------------

.. toggle::

>    To enable the Thread SSED support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You have the following two ways to enable the Thread SSED support:
```
